Mom invited parents today
Why didn't dad come
Your dad is talking business at the Crescent Club
There's no need for him to come for this little thing
Star and Moon Club
Mr. Gu
What are you doing here?
My child was being bullied.
I came to find the child who bullied him
What about the parents who are talking about business?
They're done talking, they're all gone
Ah his uncle
Let him get away
Otherwise, I would have broken his leg today
What's wrong again?
How could there be such a parent after this person?
It's all my fault
The child was being bullied.
I had to come out with a baseball bat to protect him
Who said you still have me?
I'll back you up.
The worst thing about you is you
If you hadn't said I could get pregnant
You want